there's nothing like enjoying a Sunday
morning lounging outside among the
sounds of nature
it's what outdoor living is all about
but the time and money you've put into
making your backyard a haven even on the
best of days the Sun gets too hot and
there's always the threat of an
afternoon shower
don't let your outdoor living plans in
John perfect weather umbrellas are never
big enough while retractable awnings
anchor you to a house neither hold up
well in the wind or rain and that's when
you meet them the most what if you could
have a beautiful pergola that covered
more than just a patch above a table or
a strip along your house one that makes
a real difference in protecting you and
your outdoor furniture from the Sun and
the rain so you can truly enjoy your
outdoor living space well now you can
with the breeze pergola with retractable
shade from outdoor living today outdoor
living today's breeze pergola with
retractable shade is a garden feature
you can use like a practical three
season room the canopy installs in
minutes and it's large shaded area will
provide a truly cool oasis from the Sun
and that's not all it will also protect
cushioned furniture from rain with a
100% waterproof fabric with welded seams
it will provide years of enjoyment while
looking great outdoor living today's
breeze pergola with retractable shade is
more durable coverage than umbrellas or
awnings because it uses the strength of
the pergola frame to support the
retractable canopy that has been wind
tested to 70 miles per hour and its
patented single track ensures the canopy
operates smooth and easy for life and
because it installs in minutes it just
as easily detaches from the pergola for
winter storage the breeze pergola with
retractable shade from outdoor living
today finally you really can live
outdoors with comfort and style
you